
=====================================
gvSIG Contribution License Agreement
=====================================


Thank you for your interest in the gvSIG open source project, which is managed
by the gvSIG Association. The form of assignment below is a document that
clarifies the terms under which You, the person listed below, for yourself or on
behalf of a company that is owner of rights in the software code described below
(the “Contribution”) may contribute to the gvSIG project, and which we need for
our files.

We appreciate your participation in our project, and your help in improving our
products, so we want you to understand what will be done with the Contribution.

In order to clarify the intellectual property rights in relation with
contributions of software from any person or entity, the gvSIG Association, as
guardian of the gvSIG code, would like to have a Contributor License Agreement
on file that has been signed by that person, indicating agreement to the terms
below. This in effect assigns the copyright in the Contribution to gvSIG with a
license back to you to use it in any way that you please.

This agreement is for your protection as a Contributor of software to the gvSIG
Association and does not change your right to use your own contributions for any
other purpose. It enables us to defend the gvSIG code, including your
contributions, in the event of any infringement by third parties.

To make a contribution, please print two copies of this document, complete the
information below and send one original signed copy by normal mail to the gvSIG
Association at "gvSIG Association, Plaza Don Juan de Villarrasa, 14-5, 46001,
Valencia, Spain" or by fax to +34 901 021 995.

Please read this document carefully before signing and keep the other original
for your records. If you have questions about these terms, please contact us at
gvsig-legal@gvsig.com.


::

  Your details:


  Full name: ___________________________________________________

  Passport/ID: _________________________________________________

  Address (street, city, state/province/country, postal code):

  ______________________________________________________________________________

  ______________________________________________________________________________

  Telephone: ___________________  Fax: ___________________

  E-Mail: ______________________________________________________


  If you are acting on behalf of a Company:

  Company Name:_____________________________________

  Company identification details (number): _____________________________________

  Address (street, city, state/province/country, postal code):

  ______________________________________________________________________________

  ______________________________________________________________________________

  Telephone: ___________________  Fax: ___________________

  E-Mail: ______________________________________________________


Agreement
=======================

In consideration for the potential acceptance of your Contribution in gvSIG
and associated gvSIG products, you and the gvSIG Association agree to the
following terms and conditions:

1. “Contributor” or “You” means the person or entity that is copyright owner of
   the Contributions and is making this Agreement. "Contributions" means all of
   your past, present and future contributions of object code, source code and
   documentation to gvSIG, including any modifications or additions to an
   existing work, however submitted to the gvSIG project, excluding any
   submissions that are conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing
   by You as "Not a Contribution."

2. Copyright assignment: You assign all right, title and interest worldwide in
   copyrights in the Contributions for the full term of their existence to
   gvSIG Association and the gvSIG Association shall be able to register this
   assignment. These rights include without limitation the exclusive rights to
   use, copy, transform or prepare derivative works of, distribute and/or
   publicly communicate or make available to third parties the Contributions on
   any licensing terms, including the GNU Public License v2 or any later version,
   or any other license determined to be a free software license by the Free
   Software Foundation (“FSF”) or approved as an open source license by the
   Open Source Initiative (“OSI”).

3. License back: At the same time, the gvSIG Association grants to you a
   non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty free, transferable copyright
   license for the duration of the rights to reproduce, prepare derivative works
   of, distribute (internally and externally, in object code and, if included in
   Your Contributions, source code form), use, and/or publicly communicate Your
   Contributions, with the right to sublicense all of these rights through
   multiple tiers of sublicensees. The intention of the parties is that this
   license will be as broad as possible and to provide you with rights as
   similar as possible to the rights of the owner of the copyright. This license
   is limited to Your Contributions and does not provide any rights to the gvSIG
   Association or associated gvSIG products.

4. Patent assignment: You also grant to the gvSIG Association and to recipients
   of your contributions distributed by the gvSIG Association a non-exclusive,
   perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty free, transferable license to
   make, use, sell, offer for sale and import Your Contributions alone or in
   combination with gvSIG products, with the right to sublicense all of these
   rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees, where such license applies
   only to those patent claims licensable by You that are necessarily infringed
   by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with
   the work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted.

5. License: If You have any rights to the Contribution that cannot be assigned
   as described above including, without limitation, any moral rights or the
   equivalent thereof,

   a) You agree to waive enforcement world-wide of such rights against the gvSIG
      Association, its officers, directors, shareholders, agents, employees,
      licensees, or sub- licensees, to the extent permitted by applicable law;
      and

   b) You hereby grant and agree to grant to the gvSIG Association a
      non-exclusive, irrevocable, fully paid-up, and royalty free license,
      world-wide and for the duration of the rights, to fully exercise such
      rights, including rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of
      sublicenses. These rights are assignable to third parties by the gvSIG
      Association.

6. You are able to grant us these rights. You represent that you are legally
   entitled to assign the rights and grant the license set forth in previous
   paragraphs.

   a) If the Contributor is a natural person and is employed and the employer
      has any copyright, patent or trade secrecy rights to the Contribution, the
      Contributor represents that (1) s/he has received permission to make the
      Contributions on behalf of that employer and is legally entitled and
      empowered by the employer to do so, or (2) that the Contributor’s employer
      has waived such rights for the Contributions or signed a gvSIG Contributor
      Agreement.

   b) If the Contributor is a legal entity, the Contributor further represents
      that each employee of the Corporation designated on Schedule A below (or
      in a subsequent written modification to that Schedule) is authorised to
      submit Contributions on behalf of the Corporation. It is the Contributor’s
      responsibility to notify the gvSIG Association when any change is required
      to the list of designated employees authorised to submit Contributions on
      behalf of the Corporation.

7. The Contributions are your original work. You represent that the
   Contributions are Your original works of authorship, and to Your knowledge,
   no other person claims, or has the right to claim, any right in the
   Contributions or any invention or patent related to the Contributions. You
   represent that Your Contribution submission(s) include complete details of
   any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related
   patents, copyrights and trademarks) associated with any part of Your
   Contribution(s) (including a copy of any applicable license agreement). You
   agree to notify the gvSIG Association of any facts or circumstances of which
   you become aware that would make your representations in this Agreement
   inaccurate in any respect.

8. We determine the code that is in our products. You understand that the
   decision to include the Contribution in any product or source repository is
   entirely that of the gvSIG Association, and this agreement does not guarantee
   that the Contributions will be included in any product.

9. Except as provided herein, You provide Your Contributions AS IS, WITHOUT
   WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND DISCLAIMS THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
   FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON- INFRINGEMENT. Similarly, under the license
   back, Your Contributions are provided AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND
   THE GVSIG ASSOCIATION DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
   FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

10. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO ANYONE FOR ANY DIRECT,
    INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING
    OUT OF THE USE OF YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS, EVEN IF THE USER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
    THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL YOU OR THE GVSIG
    ASSOCIATION HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR
    ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY.

11. Personal data. The data provided may be incorporated into a file whose
    ownership and responsibility for their treatment is held gvSIG Association.
    This data is used for the purpose of developing the gvSIG community, and the
    gvSIG Association partner and client network and managing our relationship
    with you. It may be published as recognition of your contribution to gvSIG
    in the sourcecode or otherwise, and may be stored on a confidential basis on
    server in Spain. The signing and sending this document confirms your consent
    to record, process and use the data provided. The data will be treated with
    the necessary security measures to ensure confidentiality and integrity. You
    have rights of access, modification and cancellation which may be exercised
    by emailing to gvsig-legal@gvsig.com or writing to the gvSIG Association at the
    address above.

12. General. This Contributor Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Spain
    and the parties agree to submit any claim to the exclusive jurisdiction of
    the courts of Valencia, Spain. In the event of invalidity of any provision
    of this agreement, the parties agree that such invalidity shall not affect
    the validity of the remaining portions of this agreement. This is the entire
    agreement between you and the gvSIG Association which supersedes any prior
    agreement, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter of this
    agreement and may be amended only by a writing signed by both parties.

13. This Contributor Agreement and license shall be governed by the laws of
    Spain and the parties agree to submit any claim, disagreement or dispute
    (arising in connection with the interpretation, implementation or
    enforcement of the agreement and license) to the exclusive jurisdiction of
    the courts of the city of Valencia (Spain), waiving their own jurisdiction.


::

  Signatures:

  Contributor:                                The gvSIG Association


  __________________________________          __________________________________


  Company (if applicable):   _________________________

  Job Title (if applicable): _________________________


  Date: ________________________________  Date: ________________________________

  Place: _______________________________  Place: _______________________________

         _______________________________         _______________________________
                             (street, city, state/province/country, postal code)

Schedule A
=======================

Initial list of designated employees for Corporate Contributors:

::

  NAME                                                ID

  __________________________________________________  __________________________

  __________________________________________________  __________________________

  __________________________________________________  __________________________

  __________________________________________________  __________________________

  __________________________________________________  __________________________

  __________________________________________________  __________________________

  __________________________________________________  __________________________

  __________________________________________________  __________________________

  __________________________________________________  __________________________

  __________________________________________________  __________________________

  __________________________________________________  __________________________